{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17060\viewh12120\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Base Canvas Images PSD - Layers explained\

\fs24 \
*Everything bold is a layer that is used in production. Everything not bold is a still-in-development layer. \
*All images have their width and length doubled before being used and before noise reduction filter is applied to 
\i \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Mirrors and windows cut out.
\i0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
(Original Main)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 This is the main image of the room completely untouched. It\'92s from a photographic series called \'93Abandoned Pianos\'94 by Romain Theiry. I found the highest resolution version I could of this image.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
(Main retouched and narrowed #1)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 This is the 
\i \cf2 Original Main 
\i0 \cf2 with center window cropped out and spiced back together, plus some retouching.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
(Main retouched and narrowed #2)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 This is 
\i \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Main retouched and narrowed #1
\i0  further retouched. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
(Original Background)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 This is the original of some vector art I found while searching \'93Night beach vector art\'94 or something like that.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
(Background cutout...accident)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 This is 
\i \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Original Background 
\i0 with everything but the windows cut out because I wanted to place it in the foreground and attenuate the opacity of the main image against a blank background color of rgb(1, 1, 20). Unfortunately I\'92d overlooked that I need clouds in between the two layers so I wouldn\'92t be able to make use of this optical illusion and so opted to create a veil layer.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 ---Background retouched
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 This is 
\i \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Original Background 
\i0 with some of the JPG artifacts hand retouched out only where the image is visible through the window. This is the live layer I use in on the website but I first cut out everything that\'92s not visible through the windows so as to cut down on file size (cuts close to 1 MB out).\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 --Background trees only
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 These are the trees from 
\i \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Background retouched 
\i0 that are visible through the windows. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 ---Mirrors and windows cut out
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 This is 
\i \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Main retouched and narrowed #2 
\i0 with the windows cut out to reveal 
\i Background retouched
\i0  and 
\i Background trees only.
\i0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 (Test before increasing image size: Filter>Noise>Reduce Noise>Basic,S:10,PD:100%,RCN:0%,SD:60%,RemoveJPGArtifact)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 This is 
\i \cf2 Mirrors and windows cut out 
\i0 \cf2 with a noise filter applied to get an idea what it will look like when the image widths and heights are doubled and the same filter is applied. As explained in the title, the parameters for the filter are:\
\
Path: \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Filter>Noise>Reduce Noise\
Basic Vs Advanced: Basic\
Settings: Default\
Strength: 10\
Preserve Details: 100%\
Reduce Color Noise: 0%\
Sharpen Details: 60%\
Remove JPG Artifact: (Check)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 ---Veil (vary the opacity of this)
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 This is a solid rgb(1, 1, 20) with exactly the windows cut out so as to reveal 
\i \cf2 Background retouched
\i0 \cf2  and 
\i \cf2 Background trees only\
\
}